Feat project exercise 14 minikube (#13)
kamolsavar/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

Find the value for the following keys:
Set the  .env file.

> ###Running the todo-app in kubernetees#######

Reviewer: You can see the formatted README file here: https://github.com/kamolsavar/DevOps-Course-Starter/blob/2704069b3717ac0eebc4a4ecdf4e7d2d817873ed/README.md

You want e.g. `### Running the todo-app in kubernetes` to display it as a header.

Step 1: Run minikube start in an admin terminal to spin up your minikube cluster to run kubernetees in your local

Step 2: Build the image with the following command docker build --target production --tag todo-app:prod .

Step 3: Run minikube image load todo-app:prod 

> Step 4: Run kubectl apply -f to-do-app-secrets.yaml     

Reviewer: As I mentioned on that secrets file, you must not commit secrets to GitHub. You can either:
- Remove that secrets.yml file from git and instead tell the reader how to create that file.
- Or you can also create secrets from the command line, skipping creating a file altogether. `kubectl create secret generic foobar --from-literal=my_secret=secret_value`

> Step 5: Run kubectl apply -f service.yaml  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 5: Run kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml  
```

Step 6: Run kubectl apply -f service.yaml

> Step 7: To spin the applicaiton run ubectl port-forward service/todo-app 7080:80

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 7: To spin the application run kubectl port-forward service/todo-app 7080:80
```
